just like with any other job, you're gonna find that some people are a
lot more vocal than than others. You got to make sure that the quiet
people, they still get the credit that they that they deserve. Um,
just because you're quiet doesn't mean that you can't become a good
leader. Leaders do need to be vocal, especially if you're talking toe
many, many people. But for the rule, like, let's say your, um, grading
people from being for being a second class and below, or even
a third class and below. Um, you're not graded on those types of leadership
responsibilities talking to 5, 10 people. So the quiet people
need to have just as much of a voice and, um, need to be graded just
as well as someone who is very, very vocal if they're doing the same
quality work. Eso chat with the people who aren't very spoken. Um,
actually, you want to praise and criticized the work, um, at the
right locations as well. Um, for instance, there's a quiet person you
might wanna mention everyone. Hey, I really respect um, Semen Johnson
over here for doing this job. Maybe they might not say anything
during that time, But everyone else knows, Like, Hey, you know what?
Like that's how I can, um, make my work better. Um, And then privately,
obviously, if they do something wrong, um, no matter what their
behavior is, you wanna talk to them one on one personal person to make
sure that they understand their faults and the flaws.